[MAOU] Make sure Chi
gets home safe and sound.
Yes, Sire,
I shall return shortly.
[MAOU]
Great.
Bye, Chi-mi! See you soon!
Bye! See ya.
Why does your grand plan involve
me sleeping in this hellhole?
If things get intense when
Gabriel shows back up,
I'll have the hero on
my side to kick some ass
and take some names, amiright?
Are you kidding,
or are you just stupid?
I'm not asking
you to be my ally.
I think you need to change
your mindset a little.
Just think of it as a
big ol' favor for the rugrat,
and not for me.
[EMI] Yeah.
I guess I can do that much.
I'm getting real sick of begging
you to help all the time.
Have you no sense of charity?
I'm not showing charity
to the freakin' Devil!
You gotta cut
the pity party crap!
Clap?
Been any trouble
on the homefront?
[URUSHIHARA]
Untwist your tits.
Heaven's hunk of meat
isn't coming till tomorrow.
[SUZUNO]
How is Chiho faring?
Not too well.
She worried for His Majesty
the whole walk home.
I'm sure.
But I believe it's critical
that we keep her far
removed from the matter.
I agree.
And I've instructed her as such.
She isn't to set foot
in the Devil's Castle
until this is settled.
I don't get the
room assignments.
In case something goes wrong,
I wanted to give Alas Ramus
one last night with you.
Way to bring the room down.
[MAOU] We don't know
what'll happen tomorrow.
If she is a Sephirah--a
shard of Yesod--
I imagine the stakes
are pretty high.
[SUZUNO]
Well, in the simplest of terms,
the Tree of Sephirah,
or The Tree of life,
resides in Heaven and
continuously creates the world.
Huh? Our world?
Indeed.
The tree houses ten fruits,
which are called the
"sephiroth."
These fruits correspond to
components that shape our lives.
For example:
the ninth sephirah, Yesod,
governs the astral world
and our connection to it.
Its number is nine, its metal is
silver, its planet is the moon,
its color is purple, and its
guardian angel is Gabriel.
Too much, too fast.
Just gimme,
like, three buzzwords
Was that really too complex
for a former archangel?
Be nice to him,
he hasn't studied in a while!
At any rate,
if we believe these legends,
then Gabriel's point
is quite justified.
One might worry for the
components which Yesod controls,
they could be in grave danger.
So he needs Alas Ramus back
to maintain universal balance.
I suppose he's
just doing his job.
Oh, jeez.
Guess that means
the right thing for us to do
is to send her back home.
[SUZUNO] Only if we choose
to believe the legends.
It so happens that we lack any
and all physical evidence that
the Tree of Life is sustaining
the world as we know it.
One tree dooming a
planet seems preposterous.
Okay. Someone put
on their business pants.
I highly doubt keeping the child
would unleash any astral mayhem.
But the angel wants the shard.
And unfortunately, we aren't in
a place to resist his demands.
The whole situation
is downright absurd.
I'm not sure what to do.
[EMI]
For real?
Are you actually planning
to pick a fight with Gabriel?
Well, if that's my only option,
I'm gonna do what
any good parent would do.
Since when is the Devil
so capable of compassion?
Gimme a break.
I'm literally reaping
what I sowed.
But when I think
about all the people
who died during my invasion,
I'm sure that tons of
them risked their lives
to save their kids.
If they were willing to do that,
it seems fair that the Devil
should grow some balls
and do the same.
You realize things
sound way less profound
when you use the word "balls"?
Yeah, whatever.
Let's just go to bed.
--[ALAS RAMUS] Yay!
--[EMI] Sure.
Let's... go to bed
with you right now?
[ALAS RAMUS]
Mama sleep with me! Yay!
Pardon me.
But I have a question.
[ASHIYA] No, I will not be
paying you rent for the night.
[SUZUNO] The only
person cheap enough
to ask such questions is you.
I'm curious about
the Devil's Army.
What spurred your interests
into world domination?
I just can't comprehend
that desire any longer.
You know what I like?
Refrigerators.
Huh?
Each time you crack it open,
your produce and dairy
are perfectly preserved.
If your supplies run low,
you can simply go buy more.
Then you can go home and feast.
In a way,
we invaded Ente Isla
in pursuit of
something like that.
As you know,
we'd do anything for it.
If you don't understand,
well, that's quite
all right with me.
If every last one of us works
diligently, we'll return soon.
And we'll reach our dream.
Did you hear that?
We'll work!
[URUSHIHARA] Maybe you should
work on your people skills.
You leech.
Whatcha lookin at?
[ALAS RAMUS]
Picture!
You really like that thing, huh?
Watch out, if you
hold it while you sleep,
it's gonna get all crumpled up.
Let's leave it right over here.
Aw. Huh?
[MAOU]
Okay, lights out.
Jeez, kid.
Ah! What the--?
You're way too close!
Come on, don't flatter yourself.
It's not my fault, the little
nugget pulled me over here.
Hey, Dada,
can you tell me a story?
You don't want one from Mama?
[ALAS RAMUS]
Tomorrow I do.
Fine. Let me think.
Where'd we leave off yesterday?
Traveler just met a nice angel.
Ah, how could I forget?
You've got a good memory.
Smarty.
[MOAU] The traveler was
hurt by evil demons
and thought it might be the end.
But a kind angel swooped
down to save him.
She told the traveler tales
of amazing things
he'd never heard of before.
The tallest of mountains.
The bluest of seas.
Powerful kings
and their knights.
And delicious food
that made his tummy rumble.
She spoke of God.
And the world of the stars.
Before she had to leave,
the angel gave the traveler
a good-luck charm.
As he set out on
his journey once more,
he made sure
to always keep it safe.
[MAOU] Thanks to all he learned
from the angel's stories,
and with the power of the charm,
the traveler would
eventually become king.
Living happily ever after.
Good night.
[EMI]
Hey. So what ended up happening
to the traveler after
he became king?
Did he ever find
his way back home
or try to find the
friendly angel again?
The hell would I know?
It's not so deep,
I've been making the
whole thing up every night
[EMI]
So what?
Apparently, I'm telling
tomorrow's story.
I need reference material.
Why would he
want another country
when he was already
the king of his own?
I thought he was supposed
to live happily ever after.
[MAOU]
Maybe the power made him greedy.
Huh?
[MOAU] If Alas Ramus
wants to hear the rest,
I'll figure it out then.
Wait, Maou!
Hey. Morning, Sunshine.
Boo.
Did you really have
to get here so early?
Hey, now.
Let's use our words
like big boys and girls.
Says the freakin' home invader.
Okay, judgy.
I'm not a bad guy,
and I've been very patient.
Attacking a sleeping family
is personally a big no-no!
Aren't I considerate?
In return, you can drop
the sword and hear me out.
Ah! How dare you poke
my perfectly sculpted neck?!
It doesn't get any closer to
God's image than this, trust me!
The hell?
It's five in the morning.
What's the big--doucher?!
Hey, there! Good morn'!
Sorry to disturb
your adorable slumber.
Leave, or we'll
disturb your face!
Dada.
Here's the nitty-gritty,
my friends.
If you won't be cool and
give me the girl and the sword,
I'm fine taking one
for the time being.
So, Yesod.
Not only was the
poor sephirah stolen,
but it was shattered to bits.
It was my duty to protect it,
so I must find the pieces,
and trust me, they're all over.
Here's one, and there's another.
The sacred sword was made
from a shard of Yesod?
Amen, sis!
I mean, haven't you wondered
what that purple crystal
you've been toting
around might be?
Give up, dear, the sword can't
defeat me in its current form.
[knocking on door]
[ASHIYA] Your Majesty!
Is something the matter?
Now that I've laid it
all out for you guys.
Pretty please,
give me what I want.
[SUZUNO] Why won't the door
open? A magical barrier?
[ASHIYA]
Say something! Anything, Sire!
Huh?! What are you doing?
Come on. Just leave
Alas Ramus alone.
Dada?
Not a chance.
I won't fall for any more
puppy-dog eyes.
[MAOU] I'm fully prepared
to bargain with you.
Instead of the child,
take my head.
Good deal if you ask me.
[EMI]
Don't be such a moron!
If anyone gets your head,
it's me!
Well, excuse me, princess!
[GABRIEL] Have you considered
marriage counseling?
We're not married, okay?
Wow! So in sync!
Mmkay, since you're the Devil,
why are you hung up on this tot?
I was saved from a
really terrible place.
Her shard became a
symbol of hope and light.
Somewhere along the way,
I forgot about that.
But now that I have her,
I'll keep her!
That's truly touching.
But she can be--
Look, I know about the legend
of the ancient King Satan!
I can't let her go with you.
I refuse. Come on.
Let her stay with me.
Maou?
[GABRIEL] Well, I've had
a quick change of plans.
I'm obviously a nice guy.
But after what you said, I have
no choice but to employ force.
[gasping]
[GABRIEL]
Avert your gaze.
It's time for me to take out
some demon trash.
[ALAS RAMUS]
Stop it!
I hate you, bad guy!
I'm good, just look at my hair.
You're a big ol' liar.
Malkuth told me
everything you did!
You all became gods
because of your lies!
You took my friends
away from me.
You locked us up!
And worse, you were
mean to Mama and Dada!
I hate you, bad guy!
Where'd she go?
Divine Boots of Light!
[SUZUNO]
The barrier is down. Emilia!
Sire! Are you all right?
They all just took off!
Hold on!
Where did Emilia
and the child go?
[EMI]
Get away from my baby!
[GABRIEL]
Trust me, hun, I'd love to!
Yeah, must be the drugs.
[EMI]
Alas Ramus! Are you okay?
She's great!
I'm the one getting walloped!
Oh! No!
[EMI]
You'd pull a sword on a toddler?
I would! Especially if said
toddler is chasing me
through the sky in a
murderous rampage!
Careful, Mama!
That sword is real strong!
So that's Durandal.
Sword of Gabriel.
You did your research!
This beauty is super tough
and can slice through
just about anything.
Like butter. Feel me?
It's actually pretty awesome.
As Yesod's supervisor,
I refuse to let that shard slip
away from me again.
I need you, Suzuno.
Please, take me up there.
[GABRIEL'S SUBORDINATE A]
You'll stay right here!
Halt, King Satan!
These losers.
You will not impede Gabriel!
[URUSHIHARA] Do you have any
idea who you're talking to?
You sure you're in the
position to tell us off?
Seems like Gabriel needs
to tighten your leashes.
Get out of his way.
Wait. What did you do to them?
Did my best bud Ashiya
forget my whole backstory?
I was the top archangel
before I fell, you know.
Look at you, you really
are useful sometimes!
"Sometimes," huh?
Screw you guys.
Go save the baby.
[GABRIEL]
One move against me, hero,
and I'll be forced to bring
the wrath of heaven
down on your happy little tush.
Hey, Mama?
What's up?
Something wrong, baby?
So, uh, will you stay with Dada?
Do you love Dada like I do?
[EMI]
I, uh--
[MAOU]
Hey!
I just bought this underwear!
Quit whining.
I clearly recall you telling me
that they were of the
extra-stretch variety!
[MAOU]
Not what I'm worried about!
Of course.
I'll be there with him.
I'm sure.
Really?
[EMI]
Yes. Until death do us part!
[MAOU screams]
Eat my dirty shorts!
Dada!
Unhand me! Now!
Emi! Quick, kill us both!
You idiot, there's no way I can
do that in front of the kid!
[MAOU]
This is our only shot!
Maou!
[MAOU]
What the--?
You saved me. Thank you.
Welcome! I wanna be with
Mama and Dada forever.
So, for just a lil' bit.
[ALAS RAMUS]
Bye-bye!
[SUZUNO]
Are you all right?
Alas Ramus!
Oh, pooey, he's still alive.
Stubborn, eh? Me too!
Huh?
C'mon, gimme a break.
Sorry, angel-face.
But I'm afraid you'll be going
home empty-handed
this time around.
Ah, I see.
the Church gave you more than
one piece of heavenly silver.
Someone's been a lucky girl.
But sadly for you,
that luck ends.
Here!
[EMI]
Interesting.
Angels bleed red,
just like mortals.
You're finished!
Stand down!
This isn't over, sweetie.
With time, I'll collect each
and every shard of Yesod.
I'll be back for
yours soon enough.
You left Yesod
alone for centuries.
What suddenly happened
that made you so worried?
You care to know?
Too bad you shot down
my attempts to talk it out.
Huh?
Perhaps you should
do some self-reflection.
Figure out who
you truly are, hero.
And more, what your
silly fight against me means.
With time, you'll get it.
And when you do...
[inaudible]
Emilia! We're here!
I'm gonna be fine.
And it looks like
Gabriel is gone.
So, uh, where's Alas Ramus?
No way.
What am I supposed to do now?
I'm out of ideas.
Did you hear about what
went down this morning?
I stopped by the apartment.
So, uh, did he--?
Did the bad guy take her away?
This wouldn't've happened
if I were stronger.
You shouldn't talk like that,
it's not your fault.
It was stupid of me
not to take down
that angel the second
he showed up.
Not that I could've beaten him.
Come on, please
don't blame yourself.
[ALAS RAMUS]
Chi-mi? Mama?
What's going on? You get hurt?
No. We're okay.
We're just sad because-- Huh?
Hi Chi-mi!
Wait, Alas Ramus?
But how did you get--?
I'm glad you're all right!
Come here!
Wait a second.
The way people were talking,
I thought she was gone.
They still think so, too.
I don't really know the
best way to explain this.
Be careful, kiddo!
Mama!
Huh?
Yeah, About that.
Alas Ramus ended up becoming one
with my sword and armor.
[ALAS RAMUS]
Chi-mi! Do I look tough?
Uh, yeah! You look super tough.
So, why the heck haven't you
told everybody else she's okay?
Mister Maou was
so depressed at work,
he barely got anything done!
Is that so?
Then we have a unique
opportunity here.
He'd benefit from a
taste of what it feels like
to lose something precious.
But, here's the thing,
this might seem cute right now,
but it'll suck when
I defeat the Devil.
I'll have no choice
but to make Alas Ramus slice
and dice her own dad!
Ugh! What do you
think I should do?
Maybe you could put the
mortal enemies thing aside
and try to get along?
You know, I have
a pretty good idea
of what you oughta do first.
[EMI]
Resorting to arson, are we?
This is a "sending-off fire."
Since she came during
a "welcoming fire,"
it seemed right.
Well, after all those years
and becoming a king,
the traveler remembered how
precious the good luck charm
he got from the
angel was, right?
Let it go, Emi,
that was just a dumb story.
I know at least one person
who didn't think your story
was all that dumb.
And she's a smarty.
Dada!
What's going on?
Hey, kid! Is it really you?
Dada, you're squishing me!
Well, how do you
like them apples?
So, she's still ours?
This isn't some messed-up prank?
No, but I was fully prepared
to let you suffer a little more
until somebody started
demanding to see Dada, so...
Wait, are you crying?
Dada, did you get a booboo?
He's all right.
I think your daddy is just
really excited to see you.
Happy tears, y'know?
They're pretty common.
Right? Mister Maou?
Huh?! These aren't tears!
I'm sweating
from my eyes, idiot!
I knew she was
here the entire time!
Gah!
In fact, we already prepared
her dinner for today,
I'll have you know!
Ashiya! Suzano!
We need food for the kid,
and we need it stat!
[SUZUNO]
Alas Ramus!
[ASHIYA]
I'm on it!
How is the devil
such a terrible liar?
[CHIHO giggles]
[GABRIEL]
I hope you'll act with caution.
Especially if the
safety of the world
is of any importance to you.
Trust me.
We don't want a second coming
of Demon King Satan's Calamity.
Well, that was ominous.
[GABRIEL] The kid and the
sword completely fused together.
This is totally uncool.
Plus, we don't have any idea
where the other wing ended up.
Well, with love's light wings,
I o'erperched the yellow
awning 'cross the way.
Sorry! I got carried away!
I'm not trying to
be disrespectful,
but it's pretty obvious
who has the other one, yeah?
Just think.
Who was it that stole
Yesod in the first place?
Lailah.
You know. Emilia's mother?